with regards to what's called the silver bullet wars I was so that is
so overboard for that's okay sure from one second ship from San Diego
to the level of living in the future and for sure was it two years
so as a result of that goes overboard I was allowed to go muscle on
so regarding that it was was a hardship for yeah they want anyone with
a family doing that so but you got to think it through you know
so for two years of pain of living on board the ship speeches and you
know what I yeah well I got to go travel for and I met my wife there
that's a lot of what I was worried that the ad that was worth it
on the ship while I was out there I got to see also says that as a C.
every port there was I cross the lines what as you get back up four
times one fourth of at the C. every quarter there once so as far as
John Paul Jones and seeing the name and see the world this the cell
about